fix(css): descriptions on logical padding pages (#37085)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/padding-block-end/index.md

## Description

> The `padding-block-end` property is defined in the specification as taking the same values as the {{cssxref("padding-top")}} property. However, visually it appears like {{cssxref("padding-bottom")}}, `padding-top`, {{cssxref("padding-left")}}, or {{cssxref("padding-right")}} property depending on the values set for {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `padding-block-end` property takes the same values as physical padding properties such as {{cssxref("padding-top")}}. However, it can be equivalent to {{cssxref("padding-bottom")}}, `padding-top`, {{cssxref("padding-left")}}, or {{cssxref("padding-right")}} depending on the values set for {{cssxref("writing-mode")}}, {{cssxref("direction")}}, and {{cssxref("text-orientation")}}.
```

> It relates to {{cssxref("padding-block-start")}}, {{cssxref("padding-inline-start")}}, and {{cssxref("padding-inline-end")}}, which define the other paddings of the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It relates to {{cssxref("padding-block-start")}}, {{cssxref("padding-inline-start")}}, and {{cssxref("padding-inline-end")}}, which define the other padding values of the element.
```
